Update README with common_folder instructions (#21)
cognitedata/function-action: README.md

# Deploy Cognite Function action

> This action deploys a Python function to Cognite Functions, possibly with a schedule defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action deploys a Python function to Cognite Functions, optionally with a schedule defined.
```

    cdf_deployment_credentials: ${{ secrets.COGNITE_DEPLOYMENT_CREDENTIALS }}
    cdf_runtime_credentials: ${{ secrets.COGNITE_FUNCTION_CREDENTIALS }}
    function_file: function1
    function_folder: functions
    common_folder: utilities
    function_secrets: ${{ secrets.COGNITE_FUNCTION_SECRETS }}
    schedule_file: schedule-${{ github.ref }}.yml
```

### Common folder

> A common use case is that you do not want to replicate utility code between all function folders. In order to accomodate this, we copy all the contents in the folder specified by `common_folder` into the functions we upload to Cognite Functions. If this is not specified, we check if `common/` exists in the root folder and if so, _we use it_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Commonly, you do not want to replicate utility code between all function folders. In order to accomodate this, we copy all the contents in the folder specified by `common_folder` into the functions we upload to Cognite Functions. If this is not specified, we check if `common/` exists in the root folder and if so, _we use it_.
```
